Welcome everyone to coding interview trivia question number two.
So for this coding answer your question you're going to need to be given a string in the form of something
that looks like this just a bunch of A's a bunch of BS bunch of CS a bunch of these E's etc..
So just a bunch of letters in a row together and your job is to compress it in the following format
a for be for sci fi.
The two E-4.
So what's actually happening here is you're given a string a bunch of letters are repeating and they're
always grouped together and you can see here that you're going to compress them by just putting the
letter and then the number of times it appears straight after it.
So for this fall for this problem you can falsely compress strings of single or double letters.
So for instance what I mean by falsely compress is that if you have a B you can return a to b 1.
Even though this technically is taking up more space so it's not really a compression task it's more
of just a task.
Can you count how many letters there are in the sequence and then put them into a single letter.
Attack Iran as a number are going to be dealing of strings here with addition sums et cetera.
And keep in mind the function should also be case sensitive so that a string capitally capitally capitally
lower case a lower case lower case a returns capitally three lower case three.
Again basically it's more of a counting compression than just pure true compression because you could
get results that take up more space so that's what I mean by that example of WB giving a to be one.
All right.
Best of luck on this problem.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A forums.
I'll see at the solutions.